AlienVault USM Anywhere - fix alienvault-search-alarms command (#8946)
demisto/content: Packs/AlienVault_USM_Anywhere/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### AlienVault USM Anywhere

> - Fixed an issue where the **alienvault-search-alarms** command ignoring **status, priority, rule_intent, rule_method, rule_strategy** arguments.
> - Added Alarm.Status output to the commands **alienvault-search-alarms** and **alienvault-get-alarm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **alienvault-search-alarms** command ignored **status, priority, rule_intent, rule_method, rule_strategy** arguments.
- Added Alarm.Status output to the **alienvault-search-alarms** and **alienvault-get-alarm** commands.
- Updated docker version.
```
